poultry	עוף	Chickens, turkeys, and ducks are common types of poultry raised on farms.
predecessors	קודמים	The new CEO improved on the mistakes made by her predecessors.
predestined	נקבע מראש	Some people believe we are predestined to meet certain people in life.
preside	לנהל	The mayor will preside over the city council meeting tomorrow afternoon.
pretext	אמתלה, תואנה	He used a work meeting as a pretext to avoid the dinner.
prevalence	שכיחות	The prevalence of smartphones has changed how people communicate.
proliferate	התפשט במהירות	Fake stories proliferate quickly on social media without fact-checking.
prolific	פורה, שופע	The prolific author published five novels in the last three years.
prompt	לגרום, לעורר; מיידי	The sad news prompted him to call his mother immediately.
prompted	הביא לידי	The accident prompted new safety regulations at the factory.
prop	תמיכה, אביזר; לתמוך	She used a broom to prop the door open all afternoon.
proponent	תומך	She is a proponent of renewable energy and solar power.
prowess	מיומנות, יכולת	His prowess in chess made him the champion of the tournament.
punctuate	לפסק, לשים סימני פיסוק; לקטוע שוב ושוב; להדגיש	You need to punctuate this sentence with a period at the end.
quarrelsome	וכחני	His quarrelsome nature made it hard for him to keep friends.
quench	לספק, להרוות	A cold glass of water can quench your thirst on hot days.
rearing	גידול, טיפוח	Rearing children requires patience and love from their parents.
reassurance	הבטחה, הרגעה	The doctor's reassurance helped calm the patient's fears.
rebuttal	הפרכה, סתירה	His rebuttal to the criticism was well-reasoned and convincing.
reciprocal	הדדי; (במתמטיקה) מספר הופכי	Their reciprocal friendship showed in how each one cared for the other.
reciprocate	לגמול, להשיב כגמול, להחזיר באותה מטבע	When someone does you a favor, you should reciprocate.
reconcile	להתפייס; ליישב (סתירות), לגשר בין, להתאים	After their fight, they decided to reconcile and become friends again.
refute	להפריך	The scientist refuted the false claims with solid evidence.
reigned	משל, שלט	The king reigned for fifty years and was loved by his people.
reinvigorate	לרענן, להמריץ מחדש	A vacation can reinvigorate your mind and body.
relapse	הדרדר, הישנות	After one month of sobriety, he had a relapse.
relegated	הורד בדרגה	The player was relegated to the bench for poor performance.
render	להפוך ל-, לגרום; להגיש	The disease rendered him unable to work for months.
renown	תהילה, פרסום, מוניטין	Her renown as a pianist spread throughout the world.
resent	לחוש טינה, להתרעם על	She resented the fact that he never helped with chores.
respective	שייך בהתאמה	The teams won their respective games last weekend.
respectively	בהתאמה	John and Mary are doctors and lawyers, respectively.
resumption	חידוש	The resumption of classes after summer break was difficult.
resurgence	תחייה	There has been a resurgence of interest in vinyl records.
revoke	לבטל, לשלול	The government decided to revoke his driving license after the accident.
rotary	נע על ציר סיבובי	The rotary dial on the old phone was slow to use.
rudimentary	יסודי, בסיסי	His rudimentary knowledge of French was enough for tourists.
sarcophagus	ארון קבורה קדום	The king's sarcophagus was discovered inside the tomb.
scales	קשקשים (של דג)	The fish's scales reflected light as it swam through the water.
scorn	בוז, זלזול; לבוז, לזלזל	He looked at the beggar with scorn and walked away.
scribe	לבלר, סופר, מעתיק כתבים	In ancient times, a scribe wrote documents by hand.
scrutinize	בדק, בחן	She will scrutinize every detail of the contract before signing.
sensations	חדשות מרעישות	Reporters twisted ordinary events into wild sensations to attract more readers.
sheer	מוחלט, לחלוטין; שקוף; משופע, תלול	It was sheer luck that he found his lost wallet.
shingles	רעף	The roof shingles were damaged in the storm.
shroud	תכריך, עטיפה	A thick shroud of fog covered the city early in the morning.
slander	השמצה, להשמיץ	The politician sued for slander after the false allegations.
slant	אלכסון, נטייה	The roof has a slant to help water drain off.
slate	להכניס מישהו לרשימה; רעף, לוח	The meeting is slated for next Tuesday at two o'clock.
smuggle	להבריח	Criminals tried to smuggle diamonds across the border.
snarl	לנהום בחשיפת שיניים, לרטון בכעס; סבך/פקק	The dog began to snarl when the stranger approached.
snicker	גיחוך	The students would snicker whenever the teacher made a mistake.
soar	להמריא	The eagle soared above the mountains searching for food.
solicit	לשדל / להדיח; לבקש/לחפש בתחינה	The charity will solicit donations from wealthy families.
solitude	בדידות	She enjoyed spending time in solitude reading books.
speck	גרגר זעיר, נקודה זעירה, פירור	There was a speck of dust on the telescope lens.
spewing	פולט/מתיז בעוצמה, מקיא	The volcano was spewing lava across the surrounding villages.
splendor	פאר	The old palace was filled with splendor, from golden ceilings to marble floors.
sprang	קפץ, זינק; נבע, צמח (עבר של spring)	He sprang to his feet when he heard the alarm.
sprawling	משתרע על שטח נרחב; מתפשט ללא סדר	The sprawling city covered hundreds of square miles.
staple	מצרך יסוד, מוצר בסיסי; עיקרי; סיכת הידוק	Rice is a staple food in many Asian countries.
stark	בוטה, מוחלט, גמור; שומם, עזוב	The truth was stark and harsh, but they needed to hear it.
stature	קומה, גובה; מעמד, שיעור קומה	His small stature made him look younger than he really was.
staunch	נאמן, מסור, איתן בדעתו; לעצור זרימה/דימום	He was a staunch supporter of the environmental movement.
streamlined	יעיל וחסכוני; אווירודינמי, מעוצב לזרימה	The new streamlined process saved the company time and money.
stricken	מוכה	She was stricken with grief when she heard the news.
strife	מאבק, עימות	The two brothers ended years of strife and became close friends again.
stronghold	מעוז, מבצר; מרכז כוח, מוקד שליטה	The mountain fortress was a stronghold that protected the town for centuries.
subdue	להכניע	The trainer used calm, steady movements to subdue the frightened horse.
superfluous	מיותר, עודף	The report included so much superfluous detail that no one finished reading it.
suppression	דיכוי	The suppression of his laughter during the meeting made his face turn red.
susceptibility	רגישות, פגיעות	His susceptibility to colds made winter very difficult.
susceptible	רגיש ל-, חשוף ל-, נוטה ל-	People over sixty are more susceptible to serious illness.
swindler	רמאי	The swindler stole money from elderly people for years.
syllable	הברה	The teacher clapped once for every syllable when she said the long word.
taint	לזהם; להכתים, להכפיש	The scandal will taint his reputation and public image forever.
tangible	מוחשי	The tangible results of her hard work were the trophies on her shelf.
tentative	זמני, לא סופי, מהוסס	They made a tentative plan but would change it if needed.
thereby	ובכך, על ידי כך, ולכן	He worked hard, thereby earning his family's respect.
thimble	אצבעון (לתפירה)	She used a metal thimble to protect her finger while sewing.
