surpass	להצטיין, לעלות על	Her paintings surpass everything we have seen before.
swept away	נסחף	The strong current swept away the small boat.
sympathetic	אוהד	Her sympathetic colleague offered genuine support during the crisis.
tainted	מוכתם, מזוהם	The water supply was tainted with dangerous bacteria.
testimony	עדות	His testimony in court proved the defendant was guilty.
thrive	לשגשג	Tropical plants thrive in warm and humid environments.
timber	עץ	The old cabin was built from heavy timber beams.
timid	ביישן	The timid child refused to speak in front of the class.
tremendous	עצום	The explosion caused tremendous damage to the neighborhood.
twig	ענף קטן, זרד	A small twig fell from the tree onto the ground.
undergo	לעבור, להתנסות, לחוות	She underwent major surgery at the hospital last month.
undermine	לחתור תחת, לערער, להחליש	Constant criticism can slowly undermine a person's confidence.
undertake	לקחת על עצמך	They undertook a difficult project to rebuild the bridge.
unearth	לחשוף, לחפור	Archaeologists unearthed ancient pottery at the dig site.
unfold	נפרש, נפתח, התגלה; לפתוח קיפול	The story unfolds as the detective discovers new clues.
unparalleled	שאין כמותו, חסר תקדים	Her talent for music is unparalleled in our generation.
upbringing	גידול, חינוך	His strict upbringing shaped his very disciplined personality.
uprising	התקוממות, מרד	The citizens staged an uprising against the oppressive government.
vagueness	עמימות, ערפול	The vagueness in his written instructions confused everyone.
vain	לשווא; שחצן	All their efforts were in vain when the project was cancelled.
venture	מיזם, מפעל (עסקי); הרפתקה מסוכנת; להעז, להסתכן	Starting a business is a risky venture that requires planning.
verse	בית בשיר; שירה	He recited the first verse of the poem beautifully.
vessel	כלי שיט	The large vessel sailed slowly across the ocean.
viable	בר-קיימא, ישים	Despite the tight budget, the plan remains viable and could still work.
virtue	מעלה	Honesty is considered a great virtue in many cultures.
vivid	חד, בהיר, ססגוני, חי, מוחשי	She has vivid memories of her grandmother's stories from childhood.
vowel	תנועה (לשון)	The letter 'a' is a vowel in the English alphabet.
ward	מחלקה	She worked as a nurse in the pediatric ward.
wart	יבלת	He had a wart removed from his hand.
whereas	בעוד ש-	John loves coffee, whereas his brother prefers tea.
wholesale	סיטונאות	We buy our supplies wholesale to save money.
wickedly	ברשעות	He grinned wickedly when he told the joke.
wilderness	ערבה, שממה	The hikers ventured into the wilderness for two weeks.
wind	למתוח; רוח	She winds the rope tightly around the post.
wound	מתוח, נמתח; פצע	She wound the package tightly with strong rope.
yield	להיכנע, לוותר, לסגת; להניב, להפיק	The general refused to yield to the enemy.
abacus	חשבונייה	The child learned to count using an abacus.
abhor	לשנוא, לתעב	She abhors dishonesty and always insists on telling the truth.
abide	לציית	All students must abide by the school rules.
abrupt	פתאומי	The movie ended with a rather abrupt cliffhanger.
abstain	להתנזר, להימנע ממשהו	He decided to abstain from eating sugar during the diet.
acclaim	להריע, לשבח	Critics acclaimed the new film as a masterpiece.
accomplices	שותף לדבר עבירה	The two accomplices were arrested by the police.
accomplished	מומחה, מעולה	She is an accomplished pianist who performs internationally.
adhesive	דבק; דביק	We used strong adhesive to repair the broken vase.
adorn	לקשט	Colorful flowers adorned the entire wedding venue beautifully.
advent	הופעה, בוא	The advent of modern technology changed absolutely everything.
adverse	שלילי	Adverse weather conditions significantly delayed the scheduled flight.
affinity	זיקה, קירבה; משיכה	She felt a real affinity with other musicians.
affluence	שפע	He lived in affluence after inheriting his family's fortune.
affluent	שופע, עשיר	The affluent neighborhood was filled with large mansions.
agitate	להסעיר, לזעזע, לעצבן	His constant complaints began to agitate everyone in the office.
agonize	להתייסר, לסבול ייסורים; להתלבט קשות	He agonized in pain for hours after breaking his leg.
albeit	אף על פי ש, אם כי	The movie was long, albeit entertaining and informative.
alleviate	להקל, להפיג	This medicine will alleviate your bad headache quickly.
allure	קסם, משיכה; לפתות	The city's allure lies in its history and culture.
allusion	אזכור, רמיזה	The poem contains an allusion to Greek mythology.
alternately	לסירוגין	They alternately played and rested during the match.
amass	לצבור, לערום	He managed to amass a large collection of rare books.
ancestry	מוצא	Her ancestry traces back many generations to Scotland.
antler	קרן מסועפת של אייל/צבי	The young deer's antlers were covered in velvet.
appease	לפייס	He gave her flowers to appease her anger.
appraise	להעריך (שווי), לאמוד	The jeweler appraised the diamond at ten thousand dollars.
arable	מתאים לעיבוד	The arable land was perfect for growing crops.
articulate	להביע; רהוט	She articulated her ideas clearly in the presentation.
ascertain	לוודא	The police worked hard to ascertain the truth.
aspiration	שאיפה, חלום	His aspiration is to become a doctor someday.
aspire	לשאוף, להתאוות	She aspires to win an Olympic gold medal.
astonishment	תדהמה, השתאות	The magic trick filled the audience with astonishment.
astound	להדהים	The surprising news astounded everyone in the room.
atrocity	זוועה	The terrible war crimes were considered atrocities.
attire	לבוש	She wore formal attire to the fancy dinner.
avert	להסיט, להפנות, למנוע	He quickly averted his eyes from the screen.
baffled	מבולבל	The baffled student couldn't solve the math problem.
bashful	ביישן	The bashful actor blushed deeply when being praised.
benefactors	נדבנים, תורמים	The charity thanked its benefactors for their donations.
bland	תפל	The hospital food was very bland and unappetizing.
bleak	עגום	The winter landscape looked quite bleak without snow.
bolster	לתמוך	Good news will surely bolster their confidence today.
cadaver	גופה	The anatomy students carefully studied the human cadaver.
