period	נקודה; משך זמן, מחזור; תקופה	A hockey period lasts twenty minutes of actual game play.
permanent	קבוע	He got a permanent tattoo on his arm that would never fade.
permission	רשות, היתר	You need permission from your parents to stay out late.
personality	אישיות	Her bubbly personality made her popular with everyone at work.
piece	יצירה; חתיכה, חלק	She performed a beautiful piano piece at the concert.
pipe	צינור	Water flows through the metal pipe under the street.
plant	צמח; לשתול; מפעל (power ___)	The green plant on her desk needed water every other day.
plate	צלחת, לוח	She placed the clean plate back in the cupboard.
pleasure	תענוג, לענג	Reading a good book brings him great pleasure and joy.
polite	מנומס	It is polite to say thank you when someone helps you.
position	מיקום, למקם; תנוחה; תפקיד, משרה	She adjusted her position on the chair to be more comfortable.
pot	סיר, קדרה	I boil water in a large pot before cooking the pasta.
practice	לתרגל, תרגול	She practices the piano for one hour every single day.
precious	יקר	This precious diamond was passed down from my grandmother.
pregnant	הרה (בהריון)	She was pregnant and due to give birth next month.
prevent	למנוע	Wearing a seatbelt can prevent serious injury in a car crash.
previous	קודם	His previous job was at a bank downtown.
pride	גאווה	He took pride in his work and always did it well.
priority	עדיפות	Your health should be your top priority in life.
prison	כלא	The criminal was sent to prison for five years.
prize	פרס	She won first prize in the science competition.
process	לעכל, לעבד; תהליך	It takes time to process all the information you receive.
product	מוצר	The company tested their new product for quality issues.
profit	רווח	The company made a large profit from selling those products.
progress	התקדמות, להתקדם	She was making progress in her English class every week.
project	לתכנן; פרוייקט, מיזם; להשליך, להקרין	Their engineering project to build a bridge took three years.
proof	הוכחה, ראיה; חסין, עמיד (סיומת)	Do you have proof that he stole the money?
protest	למחות, הפגנה	Thousands of people gathered to protest the new law.
public	ציבורי	The public library is free for all city residents.
pump	משאבה, לשאוב	The heart pumps blood throughout your entire body.
punish	להעניש	Teachers must punish students who break the school rules.
pure	טהור	This is pure orange juice with no added sugar.
purpose	כוונה, מטרה	The purpose of school is to prepare you for life.
quarter	רבע	A quarter is twenty-five cents in American money.
rage	זעם	His rage was so intense he threw things across the room.
raise	להעלות	They raise the flag at the beginning of school.
react	להגיב	How did your family react when you told them the news?
reaction	תגובה	His reaction to the surprise was complete shock and joy.
realize	הבין	I realized that I had forgotten my keys at home.
recent	שארע לאחרונה	The recent earthquake caused damage to several buildings.
recently	לאחרונה	I recently moved to a new apartment across town.
recognize	לזהות	I recognize that woman from my chemistry class last year.
recommend	להמליץ	I recommend this restaurant because the food is excellent.
register	להירשם	You must register for the class before the deadline.
release	לשחרר	They will release the new movie next Friday night.
religion	דת	People of different religions celebrate different holidays and customs.
religious	דתי	My grandmother is a very religious person who prays daily.
remote	מרוחק	They live in a remote village without electricity or roads.
repair	לתקן	We need to repair the broken window before winter.
replace	להחליף	Can you replace these old batteries with new ones?
reporter	עיתונאי	The reporter asked the politician many difficult questions.
represent	לייצג, מייצג	She represents our country in the international swimming competition.
request	בקשה, לבקש	The teacher requested that all students submit their homework.
rescue	להציל	The firefighters rescued the cat from the tall tree.
research	מחקר	Scientists conduct research to find new cures for diseases.
review	ביקורת; לסקור, סקירה	She wrote a harsh review of the new film.
reward	פרס, לתגמל	As a reward for good behavior, the class got free time.
ridiculous	מגוחך	That idea is ridiculous and nobody would ever believe it.
rise	עליה, לעלות	The sun rises in the east every single morning.
route	מסלול, דרך	This is the fastest route to get to the airport.
safety	בטיחות	Wearing a helmet is important for your safety on a bike.
salary	שכר	His salary increased after he got promoted to manager.
sample	מדגם, דגימה, דוגמה	The scientist took a sample of the water for testing.
scare	פחד, להפחיד	The loud noise scared the children and made them cry.
schedule	לוח זמנים	What is your work schedule for the entire week?
screen	לסרוק; מסך, צג, וילון; לסנן	Security screened all bags before passengers entered the building.
script	תסריט	The actor memorized the script before filming started.
seat	מושב, להושיב	I found an empty seat on the train and sat down.
section	יחידה, חלק	The children's section of the library has colorful pictures.
senior	בכיר; זקן	The senior students get to leave school a half hour early.
sensitive	רגיש	Her sensitive skin reacts badly to most harsh chemicals.
sentence	משפט; גזר דין	Please read the sentence aloud and tell me what it means.
shadow	צל, להאפיל	The tree shadow covered the entire yard on sunny days.
shave	גילוח, לגלח	He shaves every morning before going to work.
ship	לשלוח; אוניה	We will ship your package tomorrow morning by courier.
shy	ביישן	The shy child hid behind her mother when strangers came.
signal	אות, סימן, לאותת	The red light is a signal that you must stop.
signature	חתימה	Please write your signature at the bottom of the form.
similar	דומה	The two houses are very similar in color and size.
simply	בפשטות	She simply smiled and walked out of the room.
