in	ב-, בתוך	The keys are in the drawer next to my bed.
in a moment	בעוד רגע	She'll be here in a moment; please wait patiently.
in fact	למעשה	He seems lazy, but in fact he works very hard daily.
in front of	בחזית של, מול	She stood in front of the class and presented her project.
in order to	על-מנת, כדי	She studied hard in order to pass the difficult exam.
information	מידע	The website provides useful information about train schedules.
inside	בתוך, פנים	We walked inside the museum and saw ancient sculptures.
into	אל תוך	He poured water into the glass until it was full.
island	אי	We spent vacation on a small island in the Mediterranean.
Jew	יהודי	My friend David is a Jew who celebrates Hanukkah.
join	להצטרף, לחבר	Would you like to join our volleyball team this season?
joke	בדיחה	His funny joke made everyone at the party laugh.
jump	לקפוץ	The dog jumped over the fence toward the park.
kill	להרוג, לחסל, הרג	The accident killed three people and injured many others.
king	מלך	The king ruled the country for fifty years.
know, knew	לדעת, ידע	I knew her from college but we lost touch years ago.
large	גדול	This apartment is large enough for our growing family.
late	מאוחר, לאחר	He arrived late to the meeting and apologized to everyone.
later	מאוחר יותר	We can discuss this later when we have more time.
laugh	לצחוק	The comedy show was so funny the audience laughed loudly.
law	חוק	The new law requires people to recycle plastic bottles.
left	שמאלה	Turn left at the corner and the store is right there.
less	פחות	This coffee has less sugar than yesterday's drink.
lie	לשקר, שֶקֶר	He told a lie about where he spent the afternoon.
light	אור; קל	This suitcase is light and easy to carry on trips.
like	כמו; לחבב, להעדיף	Her paintings are like those in the museum collection.
link	קישור, לקשר, חוליה	Click the link to visit the website about living healthy.
list	רשימה, להכין רשימה	I made a list of groceries before going to the store.
listen	להקשיב	Please listen carefully to the instructions for the exam.
luck	מזל	Good luck on your interview tomorrow at the company.
lunch	ארוחת צהריים	We usually eat lunch at noon in the office kitchen.
machine	מכונה	This washing machine cleans clothes better than my old one.
made	עשה	She made a cake from scratch using butter and eggs.
make sure	להבטיח, לוודא	Make sure you lock the door before you leave tonight.
maybe	אולי	Maybe we should go to the beach instead of mountains.
media	מדיה, תקשורת	The media reported the earthquake story on the evening news.
meeting	פגישה	The meeting lasted two hours and was very productive.
memory	זיכרון, לזכר	That song brings back happy memories of my childhood years.
message	הודעה	I sent her a message about the meeting but she hasn't responded yet.
middle	אמצע	She sat in the middle of the room where everyone could see her.
milk	חלב, לחלוב	He poured cold milk into his cereal this morning.
mistake	טעות	I made a mistake on the test but will study harder.
mix	לערבב, ערבוב	Mix the eggs and sugar together until they become pale.
model	דגם, מודל, דוגמן	The new car model featured a sleek design that impressed the engineers.
money	כסף	He saved money for three years to buy a house.
monster	מפלצת	The monster in the movie scared the children in the theater.
most	רוב; הכי	Most people enjoy going to the beach on summer days.
mountain	הר	The mountain peak was covered in snow during winter.
mouth	פה	She opened her mouth to speak but then stayed quiet.
move	לזוז, לעבור	We decided to move to a bigger house next year.
must	חייב, חובה, הכרח	You must wear a seatbelt when driving a car.
near	קרוב	The school is near my house, just a short walk.
need	צריך, צורך	I need to buy new shoes because mine are broken.
never	אף פעם	She never drinks coffee and always prefers tea instead.
new	חדש	He bought a new phone to replace his old broken one.
next	הבא	Next summer we plan to travel to Europe for vacation.
next to	ליד	My desk is next to the window in the office.
North	צפון	The train headed North toward the mountains in the early morning.
nose	אף, חרטום	He broke his nose playing basketball last week.
not only	לא רק	She is not only smart but also very kind to others.
now	עכשיו	I need to leave now or I will be very late.
number	מספר	What is the phone number for the customer service desk?
ocean	אוקיינוס	The ocean waves were beautiful when we visited the beach.
of	של, מ-	The color of the wall changed after the renovation finished.
of course	כמובן, בוודאי	Of course you can borrow my book whenever you want.
offer	הצעה, להציע	The company offered him a job but he declined politely.
often	לעיתים קרובות	I often see her at the coffee shop near my home.
on	על	The book is on the table in the living room today.
once	ברגע ש-; פעם (בעבר); פעם אחת	Once you start exercising regularly, you will feel better soon.
only	רק	Only members can enter the private club downtown.
open	לפתוח, פתוח	She opened the door and welcomed us inside warmly.
or	או	Do you want coffee or tea with your breakfast today?
organic	אורגני	Organic vegetables are grown without pesticides or chemicals.
outside	חוץ; בחוץ	We sat outside on the porch and enjoyed the sunset.
over	על, מעל; מחדש, שוב	The airplane flew over the clouds at high altitude.
own	משלו; בעלות על משהו	She owns a small business that sells handmade jewelry.
pain	כאב, להכאיב	He felt sharp pain in his back after lifting something.
part	חלק	This part of the city has many restaurants and shops.
pass	לעבור, לחלוף; להעביר, למסור; לוותר (___ on)	We decided to pass on the dessert this time.
past	עבר, שעבר	She walked past my house on her way to school.
