bear	לסבול, לשאת; דוב	She had to bear the weight of the heavy backpack.
beneficial	מועיל, רווחי	The new software is beneficial for the company's productivity.
beware	היזהר	Beware of the slippery ice on the stairs outside.
blood vessel	כלי דם	A broken blood vessel in his eye caused a bruise.
boundary	גבול	The fence marks the boundary between the two properties.
breed	מין, גזע; להרביע, להפרות	The Border Collie breed excels at herding sheep.
briefly	בקצרה	She briefly mentioned the problem in her report.
burial	קבורה	The burial ceremony took place on a cold winter morning.
capacity	יכולת, סמכות, תפקיד; קיבולת	The stadium has a capacity of 50,000 spectators.
cater	לספק	The restaurant caters to tourists from all over the world.
caterpillar	זחל	The caterpillar will transform into a butterfly after weeks.
cattle	בקר	The farmer's cattle grazed in the green pasture.
cautious	זהיר	He was cautious about making promises he couldn't keep.
cemetery	בית קברות	The cemetery overlooks the valley with ancient gravestones.
certainty	וודאות	She stated with certainty that the earth orbits the sun.
chamber	חדר, לשכה; תא	The king entered the royal chamber with his advisors.
characteristic	מאפיין	Patience is his most obvious characteristic.
civil	אדיב; אזרחי	He made a civil remark to the annoying neighbor.
cockroach	מקק, ג'וק	Cockroaches scatter when you turn on the kitchen light.
coffin	ארון מתים	The coffin was lowered into the ground slowly.
collide	להתנגש	The two cars collided at the busy intersection.
cologne	קולון, בושם (של גבר)	He applied a splash of cologne before going out.
colossal	עצום	The whale is a colossal creature of the ocean.
compile	לאסוף, לקבץ	She had to compile the data from three sources.
comply	להסכים, לציית	She decided to comply with her teacher's request.
conduct	לנהל, לקיים; התנהגות (ש״ע); להוליך (חשמל)	Please conduct yourself professionally at the important meeting.
conductor	מנצח (תזמורת); מוליך (חשמל/חום); כרטיסן	The conductor raised his baton to begin the symphony.
conquest	כיבוש	The conquest by force left the natives subjugated for decades.
conquistador	כובש	The conquistador led his army across the vast plains.
conservation	שימור	Conservation of the forest is essential for future generations.
conserve	לשמר	We must conserve water during the severe drought.
considering	בהתחשב ב-, לאור; (כפועל) שוקל	Considering the circumstances, she made the right choice.
contagious	מדבק	Measles is a contagious disease that spreads quickly.
continuity	המשכיות, רצף הגיוני	There was no continuity between the first and second season.
contradiction	סתירה	There was a clear contradiction in his story.
controversial	שנוי במחלוקת	His controversial opinion upset many people in town.
controversy	מחלוקת	The controversy about the new law lasted months.
conveniently	באופן נוח	The store is conveniently located near public transit.
convention	מוסכמה; ועידה, כנס	It is a convention to remove your shoes indoors.
convict	אסיר; להרשיע	The convict served his time in federal prison.
cougar	פומה, סוג של טורף	A cougar prowled through the forest looking for prey.
courtesy	נימוס, אדיבות	He showed great courtesy by holding the door.
credibility	אמינות, מהימנות	His credibility suffered greatly after he lied repeatedly.
cripple	להטיל מום	The severe injury will cripple him for months.
crucial	מכריע, קריטי	This evidence is crucial to the murder investigation.
cucumber	מלפפון	The green cucumber grows on a vine in the garden.
damp	לח	The damp basement needed better ventilation.
dart	חץ	The sharp dart pierced the cork board cleanly.
dealt	עסק ב, חולק (קלפים, ניירת)	She dealt with the problem very professionally today.
decay	ריקבון	The wood shows signs of decay from moisture.
decline	לרדת; לדחות; ירידה	The temperature will decline as the evening falls.
dedicate	להקדיש	She wanted to dedicate her book to her parents.
deflate	להוציא אוויר מ-	The mechanic had to deflate the tire completely.
delegate	להאציל, להסמיך; נציג, ציר	You should delegate some tasks to your team.
delight	תענוג	Pure delight crossed her face when she won.
demented	משוגע, מטורף	The villain's demented laugh echoed through the mansion.
density	צפיפות	The density of the crowd at the concert shocked me.
descend	ירד, הדרדר	The climbers descend the steep mountain at sunrise.
despair	להתייאש	She began to despair when no one answered.
despise	לתעב	Everyone despised the dishonest businessman in the community.
detach	לנתק, להפריד	Please detach the cover before opening the box.
determined	נחוש, נחרץ	He was absolutely determined to finish the race.
devote	להקדיש	She wanted to devote her life to charity.
discontent	חוסר שביעות רצון	His discontent grew visibly as the meeting continued.
discourage	לשכנע שלא לעשות משהו	Bad reviews can discourage people from buying books.
disgrace	בושה	His actions brought great disgrace to the family.
dismiss	לבטל, לפטר, לשחרר	The judge decided to dismiss all charges today.
disposable	חד-פעמי	Disposable cups are convenient but harm the environment.
dispose	להיפטר	We need to dispose of this waste safely.
disregard	להתעלם	The company chose to disregard important environmental concerns.
dissolve	להתמוסס	Salt will dissolve in hot water very quickly.
distinct	ברור, נפרד	The two ideas are quite distinct in purpose.
distinctive	מיוחד	His distinctive accent made him easy to recognize.
distress	מצוקה	Her distress was very obvious from her tears.
disuse	חוסר שימוש	The old factory fell into disuse years ago.
diverse	מגוון	The city has a diverse population from many countries.
divine	אלוהי	The divine light seemed to fill the entire church.
drawback	חיסרון, מגרעת	The major drawback is that it costs too much.
dread	פחד, לפחד	Dread filled her heart as the exam approached.
due	צריך להיעשות, זמנו הגיע; בשל	The final report is due tomorrow at noon.
